AREAS OF ACCOUNTABILITY

Employee name:	Koushan Rostamzadeh
Position:	QA Lead - Foundation
Team	Quality Assurance
Reports to:	Riccardo Patti - Director, Quality Assurance
Prepared on:	October 12th, 2017


QA Team Lead Tasks
●	Facilitate team meetings: biweekly retrospectives, weekly quarterly goals check-in, progress updates.
●	Plan for team initiatives.
●	Conduct monthly 1-1s with team members.
●	Conduct 3 month & annual reviews for Foundation QA team members.
●	Review and approve time-off requests for the Foundation QA team.
●	Ensure training/onboarding documentation is relevant and up-to-date.
●	Own the overall QA process across Foundation web and mobile teams and ensure clarity of responsibilities.
●	Involved in the recruitment process for Foundation QA candidates (full time and co-op).
●	Provide single point of contact for FQA team-related issues.
●	Communicate and escalate team needs/issues to QA Director.	45%

Test Planning, Execution and Reporting
●	Participate in requirements gathering and definition during Sprint Planning.
●	Review epics, user stories and acceptance criteria to ensure full understanding of requirements for features.
●	Identify test conditions from requirements/user stories, map test case requirements and define test plans.
●	Develop, document and maintain test cases and other test artifacts, i.e. test device matrix, test data, test reports, etc.
●	Facilitate test plan/test case review with cross-functional team members.
●	Execute planned testing levels (e.g. smoke testing, regression testing, functional testing, etc.), evaluate test cases and report test results.
●	Identify any potential quality issues per defined process and escalate critical issues to Product Team.
●	Ensure that validated features meet functional and design requirements.
●	Identify, replicate, investigate and report defects (discovered internally during testing or by other teams, or externally by clients/vendors) and verify defect fixes.	45%

Training
●	Train other QA team members to ramp up on company quality strategies, processes, methods, tools, etc.
●	Review QA documentation for onboarding, processes, methods, tools, etc and suggest areas for improvement.
●	Collaborate with project teams to familiarize with project specifics.	5%

Team Process Improvement
●	As part of the QA team, create and maintain articles on Confluence/Wiki on areas of expertise.
●	Collaborate with the QA team to identify tools and methods to improve QA processes.
●	Continuously identify opportunities to remove inefficiencies and take measurable steps to create additional value for team and clients through continuous improvement practices.
●	Be part of a service-focused culture with emphasis on delivering on-time, high-quality solutions to internal teams and external clients.	5%


